[1.3.0] Add support for Flight/Vehicle/Shipping estimates (#11)
patch-technology/patch-python: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.3.0] - 2021-02-08

### Added

- Adds support for creating Shipping/Flight/Vehicle estimates.

> - Sets the librayr version to 1.3.5 to track the [Patch Ruby SDK](https://github.com/patch-technology/patch-ruby) and [Patch Node SDK](https://github.com/patch-technology/patch-node).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sets the library version to 1.3.0 to track the [Patch Ruby SDK](https://github.com/patch-technology/patch-ruby) and [Patch Node SDK](https://github.com/patch-technology/patch-node).
```
